hey guys what's up okay so first off a
new champion info I know you guys but
whoever that gunslinger guy that guy
with the new champion but it looks like
two kind of throwing us off here that
guy might be like in this next one but
anyways so there's a new champion
Explorer Ezreal found him
so I'll just explain this picture real
quick they found this guy in noxus it so
somehow these these two three ish these
three ish things they're all from Roxas
they kind of worship this guy so here's
what happened basically so they were at
a war like five people to a thousand
their enemies and so this dude just
swoops in and kills everyone and then
they used the human bones to make this
pot with his thing on it and then those
are the coins from Twisted Fate this is
the coin with his face on it let me try
to zoom in yeah and then this is again a
wooden thing with him on it a sword and
then that's the book with it the dagger
with his weapon on it that's his weapon
you know the stuff and then so basically
it just overviews what I just said and
then so basically this champion is gonna
be pretty strong let's see the dagger
the block the picture that Lux lux and
ezreal oh and I think we all knew that
already but okay hope you guys enjoyed
be sure to keep keep me updated too if
you guys know anything I'd love to hear
it cuz like I'm still pretty new to this
stuff but some of you guys know more
than others post some comments hope you
guys enjoyed see you guys later all this
information comes from surrender at 20
just if you guys don't know great
website and hope you guys enjoy see ya